Wh...
Whoa! A bed!
Nice, right?
Wow...
Wow!
What's with these?
There's something I realized working as a maid.
Money is so awesome...
So you're going to up the quality of the cuddle buddy
business to make it more profitable?
So yeah, time to find customers!
If I find someone who looks like they're super tired,
I should try talking to them, huh?
Is it okay talking to them out of the blue?
I don't want them to think I'm hitting on them...
She looks super tired...
What, do you want something from me?
Uh! Well, um...
I-I just thought you looked tired...
If you have some time, I was wondering
if you might want to chat for a bit...
That totally sounded like I'm hitting on her...
Sure.
Komori Housing Complex Council
Nazuna Nanakusa
Ko Yamori
That day we were accomplices under the apple tree
We tried stepping over the line
Immediate black out
Oops, you're angry...
Chased away to this unfortunate dimension
I can't believe I...
Someone like me...
Of all people, I couldn't...
Wait, no way
I blamed you
Got hold of a secret
The fig leaves go right and left
In a blink of an eye I wake up
But then I'm falling toward the sky
I don't know, I just can't stop
Just one more bite
Again, Fallin' fallin' down in a spiral, falling on a skyscraper
Fallin' fallin' two all alone, we don't even notice the curtain call
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, forever
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, I let myself go
And just like that
The wounds are being filled, yeah
Again, Fallin' fallin' down in a spiral, falling on a skyscraper
Fallin' fallin' two all alone, we don't even notice the curtain call
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, forever
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, I let myself go
And just like that
The wounds are being filled, yeah
No, uh, I'm sorry!
I really wasn't trying to hit on you or anything like that.
I have a proper reason!
Aw, that's too bad...
U-uh?
You had me all excited.
A young person like you, making a move on me.
Uh, I'm really sorry-
I've been so lonely lately, see.
Um, I'm soliciting customers for
a cuddle buddy business.
I've been looking around for people
who look sleep deprived.
Cuddle buddy?
Then it's THAT kind of proposal.
Why didn't you just say so?
N-no, no, no!
Ow!
It really isn't!
I just help out!
The one who does the cuddling is the owner, Naz-
A girl!
It isn't sketchy at all!
Okay, it's a little sketchy, but...
Huh, you help out?
So it's a part-time job?
Yes, pretty much.
"An employer shall not employ a person under
18 full years of age between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m."
The Labor Standards Law.
You understand what that means, right?
If I report that business to the proper authorities...
Just kidding!
Did I freak you out?
I don't make my decisions based on law.
I don't intend to turn you in,
nor do I have the right to do that.
You must have some special reason for it.
Learn from this and be more careful next time.
Thank you.
Hey, don't.
I'm just encouraging misconduct.
As for the cuddling, you'll have to find someone else.
When I sleep, I like to sleep alone.
I see...
Well, we have a massage option as well,
so if you ever change your mind...
Oh, that I'm interested in.
I walk all day because of work.
My legs get horribly puffy.
What do you do for work?
Honestly, I don't like talking about
my work with others...
Private Detective
ANKO UGUISU
A detective...
Detectives actually exist?!
I know what you want to say...
Do murders really happen in locked rooms and stuff?!
I figure Conan-kun takes care of that kind of stuff.
I generally investigate infidelity or
interpersonal issues and such.
Or look for missing people, I suppose.
Oh, but I shouldn't divulge that information.
So...
You, uh...
Ko Yamori.
Yamori-kun, are you often out and about this late?
Well, yes.
Have you ever heard of a person
named Akihito Akiyama?
Akihito Akiyama?
His close friends apparently call him by his nickname:
Akkun.
N-never heard of him.
Really?
Sorry.
It's nothing.
Sorry to have startled you.
I'll leave this for the bill.
You keep the change.
If you hear anything about Akkun, get in touch.
And hey, you might as well hit on me
properly next time, okay?
If you don't mind older women, that is.
What a weird lady.
You went to a cafe with some woman and came back?!
It just kind of happened.
Jeez, how does that just happen?!
That's it, I'm not doing anything until I get some booze!
I thought you might say that.
I actually went and bought these!
Yay! I wuv you, Ko-kun!
That was a bigger catch than I thought.
11th Night: Do You Know What a Vampire Is?
Ko!
Yo.
Hey.
How's it going these days?
Pretty fun.
What about you?
Anything out of the ordinary?
Out of the ordinary?
Hmm, I dunno...
Oh? I'm the last to arrive?
Good evening.
Good morning, Akira.
Yo.
Why the sudden summons?
There's a place I want to go.
Why the school?
What's there to do here, anyway?
You have to ask?
We're gonna sneak in and have fun, of course.
Don't suggest illegal trespassing like it's nothing!
I want to have fun with you two.
Because we're friends.
Hup!
There we go!
Come on, join me!
Let's celebrate adolescence!
Oh, very cool.
Akira, let's have some fun!
I may not look it,
but I'm considered a good student, you know.
Me too, me too.
What a coincidence, me too.
For starters, can you turn away for a sec?
I'm wearing a skirt.
These days, you never know.
Like how you suddenly stopped coming to school, Ko.
We just happened to stay in touch like this,
but if the timing didn't work out,
we may have never gotten to meet up again.
That would be a shame, you know?
I wanted to make a proper memory
of us three having fun together,
like we did back in the day.
That's awfully cheesy.
Really?
Hey, it's unlocked.
You know that urban legend of the
seven school mysteries?
What's this all of a sudden?
That's scary.
The school at night is perfect for spooky stories.
Let's see, the most famous one must be...
Girl's Restroom
Hanako-san haunting the toilets.
What should we do?
Uh, what should we do about what?
It's the girl's bathroom, huh?
Of course it is!
Didn't you think about that at all?
We can't go in, can we?
But Akira, we have to verify the truth
of the seven school mysteries!
Why?
Verifying the seven mysteries!
That's the embodiment of the adolescent experience!
We need to reclaim our adolescence!
Your idea of adolescence is a little weird, Mahiru-kun.
I know!
Anyway, we'll be waiting out here.
You go and summon Hanako-san on your own, Akira!
She didn't have to hit me.
Hanako-san, come out and play!
Sure, okay...
She jumped! She jumped!
She didn't have to hit me.
That was totally your bad, Mahiru-kun.
Music Room
Well, we didn't even have to come in.
The piano playing without anyone here...
...isn't happening.
Seven School Mysteries #2
The Piano That
Plays On Its Own
Seven School Mysteries #3
The Staircase That Sometimes Has
One Step Too Many or Too Few
Is it too many or too few?
Seven School Mysteries #4
The Anatomical Model That Starts Dancing
But it has no legs.
Seven School Mysteries #5
The Sound of a Ball Bouncing
In the Empty Gymnasium
They forgot to clean this up.
Seven School Mysteries #6
The Pool Where Something Pulls Your Foot Deeper
I mean, we can't even get in.
The Mirror That Doesn't Show Human Reflections
Seven School Mysteries #7
Reflection's normal.
The Ninomiya Kinjiro Statue That Walks on Its Own
Seven School Mysteries #8
We don't have a Ninokin statue!
Plus that's more than seven mysteries already!
Actually, there's one more legend
that's rumored to be true.
Anything goes now, doesn't it?
Do you know how a teacher at this school
went missing a long time ago?
I've heard about that.
Me too.
About ten years ago, wasn't it?
Teacher Missing:
Whereabouts Unknown
One Year Missing, Still No Clues
It was big news for a while.
I actually looked it up online and stuff.
Apparently, it's an unsolved mystery.
They say that sometimes,
that teacher appears in a classroom at night.
Why?
What?! That's all?!
Isn't that really scary?!
Scary and exciting?!
Isn't it cool that it's specific to our school?!
It just feels kind of contrived.
Yeah.
Come on!
You could say that about any seven mystery legend!
Well, the fact that it's half based in reality
makes it more dubious, I guess.
Jeez, don't say that!
We're already here.
Let's at least see it through to the end!
Yah!
Why are there students here at this hour?
You shouldn't be here.
The night is dangerous...
It's your fault for coming.
I was restraining myself.
Today was my last day...
but you...
I think I want the girl.
Akira!
Wh-what?!
No! What is this?!
What the hell, old man!
Get away from her!
Ko! You help too!
What? What is this?
I know this kind of thing...
Ko!
It's familiar somehow.
It was supposed to end today.
Everything, today...
I've restrained myself for so, so long.
So why...
Why?
Why...
Why are there students here at this hour?!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Ko!
Why...
Why is there a vampire here?
Akira!
You okay?!
Th...thanks...
Can you stand?
What's going on?
He's definitely a vampire.
Somehow, I can tell.
But something's different.
Vampires are all pretty and slick.
So why is this person so unkempt?
Why does he seem so distressed?
Who is he?
Why?
At this hour...
Hurry, get away...
Hurry, hurry...
B-before I lose it!
I was on a different trail, but I guess I hit the jackpot.
Really, rumors are quite curious.
You think it's smoke with no fire,
but turns out, it's not that wild after all.
No, that analogy isn't very clear.
Hey, there.
We meet again, Yamori-kun.
Why are you here?
From my perspective,
I'm curious to know why you're here, Yamori-kun.
Why? Why?
I didn't want to run into anyone!
I managed until today...
Blood!
I can't hold back anymore!
Do you have a problem with women who smoke?
Ms. Detective!
Go ahead.
There we go.
Okay...
You middle school kids there!
Do you know what a vampire is?
What's with this taste?!
Is it supposed to be this bad?!
Oh, I see.
That's a surprise.
My investigation didn't turn up any leads on you
so I suspected as much,
but hearing that, I'm sure of it now.
These past ten years since you became a vampire,
you've never once eaten properly.
But that's doesn't make sense.
He tried to suck Akira's blood just now.
Why?
But it makes perfect sense.
He restrained himself for ten loooong years,
and today was probably his breaking point.
It's your fault for appearing on the scene.
Then why didn't he drink any blood in the first place?
What was the point?
Yamori-kun, you should think a bit before you talk.
Why would anyone want to become a vampire?
Huh?
Isn't that right?
You didn't know, did you?
About vampires?
That they exist?
That's right, I was tricked!
It's okay, you must have had a rough time.
I know.
You poor man...
Has it been long since you've talked with anyone else?
I...
I couldn't believe I was a vampire for the longest time,
but then I'd find myself craving human blood!
Of course.
That's terrifying.
It's unforgivable, isn't it?
It is...
That woman tricked me.
But the fact that I fell in love with a woman like that...
How foolish could I have been?
I know.
That emotion alone carried you this far, huh?
Resisting the urge to suck blood...
I'm so glad I found you today.
What are you...
So here...
I'm going to...
...let you die as a human being.
Don't resist.
Don't let go!
Hold on tightly.
Remember the human you used to be!
You've had it so tough!
No one to praise you...
No one to recognize you...
I alone will praise and recognize you.
You can die as a human being.
Here comes morning.
Sleep well...
He's dead.
Is he-
He died just now.
The teacher who went missing ten years ago
died as a human being.
Though he was supposed
to die naturally today anyway.
My name is Anko Uguisu, private detective.
My job is to investigate cases from clients
and report back to them.
Looking for missing people isn't unusual.
The cause can be related to vampires...
Well, not that often, but it happens sometimes.
And as such, I inevitably need to know
ways to deal with vampires.
It's been pretty difficult.
Why did you kill him?!
First-
I don't know what his deal was,
but you said that vampire guy was
supposed to die today anyway, right?!
Ko...
Did you have to go and kill him yourself?!
There must have been ways-
Do you mean he should have lived life as a monster?
He struggled all this time
not even knowing what he had become.
You're going to disregard all that?
Yamori-kun, you know nothing about vampires.
I'm sorry, but I have no intention
of letting you achieve your idiotic dream.
You had better watch out.
You don't know it, but vampires come in all kinds.
Let me give you two my card, too.
If you ever question the situation you're in,
come find me.
I still know nothing about vampires.
The call of the night
Shine on me moonlight
Eye caught by blue light
The two-faced sides of neon lights
The call of the night
Take me away, midnight
Bloodshot red eyes
A lullaby for grownups
Loved the nights since I was a kid
I kinda hated going to bed at nine
It just felt like a waste somehow
I wanted to get to know you better
Hey hey
The early bird catches you know what
I wanna see deeper, deeper, deeper
Unravel in deep shades
From 12 o'clock to 2 o'clock
The first time I stepped over you
No, the first I mounted you was at fourteen, I think
Me, just an ignorant wannabe
Led by the hand, everything was new
Your physique and that scent
That dark skin that fits well with the quiet
I was drawn in, submissive to the beckoning
Then you gave me music
You showed me a woman's naked body
Sipped on booze I'd never had
Smoked my old man's butts
Flooded with don't do's
Smeared with shouldn't know's
Under the screen of darkness, coming to get us
You're always so capricious
The call of the night
Shine on me moonlight
Eye caught by blue light
The two-face sides of neon lights
The call of the night
Take me away, midnight
Bloodshot red eyes
A lullaby for grownups